--- Page 1 ---
Tynnded hy the (ht Min iat
| 4F Silang Building, SLU MainCampus, sd
| A Bonifacio St., Baguio City, Benguet, =
Philippines 2600 oats roe .
|
CONTACT US
Trunkline (Local Number - 203)
+(63) (74) 442 2793 +(63) (74) 442 2193
*(63) (74) 442 3043 +(63) (74) 443 200)
© soldean@siu.edu.ph
NaagmMission@siu.edu.ph
4 ju pn
CONNECT WITH US
0
(3 camScanner


--- Page 2 ---
School of Law
The Schoo! of Law (SOL) is committed to provide
excellent legal education toward the holistic

formation of Christian, ethical, and competent
professionals who will dedicate themselves to
the service of the community and will actively

contribute to nation building.

SAINT LOUIS UNIVERSITY At?
CamScanner


--- Page 3 ---
SCHOOL HISTORY
The academic year 1954-1955 marked the birth o¢
Saint Louis University School of Law (then Calleg
Saint Louis College of Law) when it was authorizeg |
under Temporary Permit No. 365, s, 1954, issued by
P.M. Endencia, then Secretary of Education, and
recommended by Daniel Salcedo, Assistant Director
of Private Schools, to offer the First-Year Law course.
In 1955, the College was authorized to offer the
Second-Year law course; and in 1956, the College
offered First to Third Year classes. In 1957, the Fourth-
Year Law course was offered. It was only in 1957 that |
the College was granted government recognition for
the First to Third Year Law Courses. In 1958, the |
College was granted government recognition to offer
the Fourth Year Course
During the academic year 2010-201], the Saint Louis
University College of Law changed its name to Saint
Louis University School of Law.
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS
UPON QUALIFICATION
* Certificate of Graduation
* Certificate of Good Moral Character
« PSA Birth Certificate
¢ Four (4) 2x2 pictures with white background and
name tag
¢ Transcript of Records i
* Transfer Credentials if SLU is not the last
University attended
* Notarized Certificate of Employment (for these
+ Other documents may be needed as determine
ve by. SLU SOL
 camscanner


--- Page 4 ---
ADMISSION
INFORMATION

* Application forms for the School of Law will be available
during the admission process. Accomplished forms shall
be submitted for the qualification exam. The applicant
shall pay Php 509 for the examination fee. The
application form and proof of payment can be submitted
online. The qualifying exam will be conducted online
through Google Forms and proctored via Zoom.

e After passing the qualifying exam, original copies of the
required documents are to be submitted personally at
the Dean's office of the School of Law of SLU (Rm. 414,
Diego Silang Bldg., Saint Louis University, Bonifacio St.,
Baguio City) or via courier service. Scanned copies of the
required documents must also be sent online in the
Google Classroom to be provided.

Transfer Students

e Alltransfer students must complete at least two (2)
academic years of residency in Saint Louis University and
shall only be admitted in the regular 3rd year program of
the SLU School of Law.

e Ifthe transferee has failed at least 60% of the total =
courses completed in another Higher Educational os
Institution (HEI), he/she shall be automaticallydenied
admission. If the transferee has failed 40% to 59.9 99% i
of the total courses completed in anot hei ‘HEI, he/s
shall repeat his/her currentyear
level under the SLU Curriculum,

« Alltransfer students maybe ——~~
admitted with a condition Ny)
that ee not have \ eo. 6)

Ics CamScanner


--- Page 5 ---
RECOGNITIONS AND
AFFILIATIONS
e 2025 Bar Examinations top-performing Schoo]
o Ranked 2" in the 11-50 examinees Catego
the 2025 Bar Examinations With a 97.14%, 'Y of
passing rate for first-time takers
o Ranked 4" inthe 51-100 examinees Category fo,
both first time takers and re-takers with an
83.33% passing rate
e Recognized by the Supreme Court of the
Philippines as a Local Testing Center for the 2025
Bar Examinations
e SLU SOL is known for “quality over quantity”
approach maintaining very high passing relative to
its batch size.
* Philippine Association of Law Schools member
¢ The Asia Foundation current grantee
* EU-LINOPS previous grantee
* PRESO Inc. collaborator for a bail bond program
« PARALAW member for Sports activities among law
schools
¢ Northern Luzon Consortium of Law Schools
member
PROGRAMS OFFERED
* Juris Doctor (3.D.)
° Full face-to-face e Audit Courses
® Full online until 3 year © Refresher courses
° Hyflex review classes
* Master of Laws (L.L.M.)
© Fullonline
SCHOOL ORGANIZATIONS
* Discipuli Legis Universitatis Sancti Aloysii
(DLUsA)
© Liturgy Committee
®* Debate and Mooting Society (DEMOS)
® Sports Committee
* School of Law Teatro Obra Pilipino
* SLU Bar Operations and Bar Academic
Committee
, oy kaw Debate and Mooting Society ate
. Louisien oommunity Legal Assistan
aw Journal — |
Ics CamScanner


--- Page 6 ---
CJ MORAN COMMUNITY
LEGAL ASSISTANCE OFFICE
(CJMM CLAO)
rounded on April 18, 2015, the CJIMM CLAO is a key
agent of social change in the Cordillera region
offering free legal services focused on human rights,
environmental protection, and community issues.
serving indigent populations in Baguio and
Benguet, it actively pursues public interest cases and
advocates for systemic reforms to uplift marginalized

communities.
As part of the advocacy, CJMM CLAO offers free legal
services while empowering law students to serve
communities with competence, compassion, and
commitment to justice through different legal clinics.

SCHOOL-BASED FACILITIES

j gets > a . or i &

eb ee

: Moot Court E Low Library
gam].
a
 camscanner

