--- Page 1 ---
Adin.
Pownded by the CICM in 1911
h | Philippines 2600)
7 Tranklifie (Local Number - 267);
Ssasdean@slu.edu.ph
a) sassec@slu.edu.ph

sasclerk@slu.edu,ph

i] sas.admission@slu.edu.ph
CONNECT WITH US
/SLU,sulongSAS
Wwww,slu.edu.ph

--- Page 2 ---
Advanced Studies
VISION D MISSION
The Schoo! of Advanced Studies (SAS) is envisioned
as a Graduate Schoo! that stands for excellence and
innovation and that will be globally identified for
the distinction of its programs and the quality of its
research.
BAGUIO CITY, PHILIPPINES py

--- Page 3 ---
SCHOOL HISTORY
The biggest institution of higher learning in Northern
Philippines was a one-building college, its campus
hewn out of the hillside of the Baguio Cathedral when
Saint Louis University had its collegiate beginnings in
1952. In 1956, the master's program in Education of the
then Saint Louis College was granted government
recognition. In 2018, with the growing number of
Graduate Programs being offered, the School of
Advanced Studies (SAS) was established, housing all the
university's Graduate Programs that are geared towards
advanced, interdisciplinary scholarly research and
academic work. With the Dean as its overall
administrator, the school is composed of seven (7)
clusters namely, Accountancy, Business and
Management (ABM), Computing and Information
Technology (CIT), Engineering (ENGG), Liberal Arts
(LIBARTS), Natural Sciences (NATSCI), Nursing (NRSG),
and Teacher Education (TEACHED). To ensure efficient
supervision and management of programs in each
cluster, Graduate Program Coordinators (GPCs) with
aligned qualifications are designated. Such a structure
has existed since 1990 when Program Coordinators
were appointed to assist in the smooth implementation
of programs and activities at the graduate level.
Launched in 2025, the Graduate School Society
champions the voice of duly enrolled SAS students
while leading dynamic co-curricular programs that
foster holistic growth and an enriching graduate
experience.
SCHOLARSHIPS
* The Department of Science and Technology (DOST)
Scholarship
© Eligible Programs:
* Master in Information Technology
* Master of Science in Biology
* Master of Science in Environmental Engineering
* Master of Science in Pharmacy
= Master of Arts in Education major in Science
Education and Mathematics Education
* Doctor of Philosophy in Education major in
Science Education
* The Commission on Higher Education (CHED) Staff and
Instructors’ Knowledge Advancement Program (SIKAP)

--- Page 4 ---
4 ADMISSIO
y INFORMATIO

* Applicants are accepted based on academic,
personal qualifications and admission exam
performance. They must also provide any specia
requirement that is set by the Graduate Progran
cluster.

* Fora Master's degree, applicants must have
Baccalaureate degree from a recognized
institution and should pass the qualifying exam.

* For a Doctorate degree, applicants must have
Master's degree in related fields from
recognized institution.

© For international students, applicants must have
the following:
© One (1) original copy of the transcript of
records duly authenticated by the Philippine
Embassy (Apostilled) in the student's country
of origin ie ae
© Photocopy ofbiopageof passport
© Birth certificate authenticated by the sie
Philippine Embassy in thei ‘country 2 et
© Certificate of graduation from previous 4
bachelor’s degree or maste (
* Documentary cl earal ater: > fee
arenon Filipinos and/or
to settle a one-time- ry

--- Page 5 ---
pROGRAMS OFFERED
rams
ag oo aeergineeting
* poctor of Philosophy in Biology major in:
a Microbiology 5
* Ecology and Conservation Biology
o Plant Biology
* Animal Biology ;
. Doctor of Philosophy in Education Major in Science
Education ;
. Doctor of Philosophy in Educational Management
. Doctor of Philosophy in Language Education
. Doctor of Philosophy in Management
* Doctor of Philosophy in Nursing
. Doctor of Philosophy in Pharmacy w/ specialization in:
o Pharmacognosy © Industrial Pharmacy
> Medicinal Chemistry
+» Doctor of Philosophy in Philosophy
. Doctor of Philosophy in Psychology
Masteral Programs
Accountancy, Business,and Management Programs
* Master of Business Administration
* Master of Science in Business Administration
* Master of Science in Public Management
* Master in Financial Technology
* Master of Science in Accountancy
Liberal Arts Programs
* Master of Arts in Philosophy
* Master of Arts in Religious Studies
* Master in Political Science
* Master of Science in Psychology
* Diploma in Good Governance and Social Development 4
Nursing Programs
* Master in Nursing Education
* Master of Science in Nursing with areas of
Specialization in:
© Adult Health Nursing
* Community Health Nursing
* Mental Health and Psychiatric Nursing
2 Maternal and Child Health Nursing
ursing Administration
€r in Information Technology

--- Page 6 ---
chereducation Prearatns,
Tea! s in Special Education
‘ eee | peng in Cathdlic Educational Leadership and
* ement
wares f Arts in Educational Management
. ante of Science in Physical Education and Sports
: aa of Arts in Education with areas of specialization
4 Early Childhood Education Inclusive Education
o Language Education o Social Studies
© Science Education
* Certificate in Teaching in Medicine
{atural Sciences Programs
* Master of Science in Biology with areas of specialization
o Plant Biology
o Animal Biology
o Microbial Biology
eo Ecology
* Master of Science in Pharmacy with areas of
specialization in:
o Hospital Pharmacy
* Manufacturing Pharmacy
* Master of Science in Medical Technology with areas of
specialization in:
© Clinical Microbiology © Transfusion Medicine
* Master in Public Health
' Master of Science in Public Health with areas of
specialization in:
* Epidemiology ° Environmental Health
* Public Health Management
agineering Programs
Master of Arts in Environmental and Habitat Planning
Master of Engineering with areas of specialization in:
© Electrical Engineering
© Electronics Engineering
© Mechanical Engineering
rent of Science in Environmental Engineering
“ster of Science in Environmental Engineering major
Moen Environmental Measures and Processes
“ster of Science in Management Engineering
eae in Manufacturing Engineering and
‘sNagement
Diploma in Disaster Risk Management
